Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Reporter:
...should be prosecuted.
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
And then
he doubled down on that
- just before the election
took place.
- (phones ringing)
And then talked about it
again last week.
Really extraordinary
the circumstances.
Remember Hillary Clinton.
Secretary Clinton.
just recently
came out and said
the Jim Comey letters
and what he said
was one of the reasons
she lost the election.
Now we're saying
that he's been fired
for basically
those decisions.
I want to read a letter
from President Trump.
uh. released just moments ago.
"Dear Director Comey.
I have received
"the attached letters
from the Attorney General
"and the Deputy Attorney
General of the United States
"recommending your dismissal
as the Director
"of the Federal Bureau
of Investigation.
"I have accepted
their recommendation
"and you are hereby
terminated and removed
"from office.
effective immediately.
"While I greatly appreciate
you informing me.
"on three separate occasions.
"that I am not
under investigation.
"I nevertheless concur
with the judgment
"of the Department of Justice
"that you are not able
to effectively lead the Bureau.
"It is essential that
we find new leadership
for the FBI that restores--"
(tense music playing)
♪ ♪
(tapping on window)
- (phone beeps)
- (window whirring)
This is my partner Wa--
partner. Wally Taylor.
Hey. How are you?
(tape rewinding)
- Man: Hi.
- (Reality chuckles)
Reality Winner:
Hey.
Wally Taylor:
How are you?
Reality: Uh...
Good.
H-how are you doing?
How's your day today?
Uh. it's pretty good.
Just got some groceries.
Alright.
Let's show you
who we are.
(keyboard clacking)
Okay. Well. the reason
we're here today
is that we have
a search warrant
for your house.
- Okay.
- Justin Garrick: Alright.
Uh. do you know
what this might be about?
I have no idea.
(laughs)
Okay.
(chuckles)
This is about. uh.
possible mishandling
of classified information.
Oh. my goodness. Okay.
Garrick:
Mm-hmm.
- So what we've got is.
uh. again. g-got a warrant.
- (phone buzzing)
And. uh.
I'm happy
to show it to you.
What I'd like to do
is sit down.
talk you with. uh.
talk with you about it.
Kind of go over what.
what's going on.
Uh. kind of get your.
your side of it.
And. of course.
you're completely voluntary
to talk to me.
Uh. we can talk here
or. uh. our office is
about five minutes away.
uh. if you want to.
if you'd rather talk there.
Then we can do
either one.
It makes no difference
to me.
- Okay.
- Taylor: Do you have any pets?
- I do. I have two pets.
- 'Cause you-you've
been gone a while.
So do. do we maybe need
to let 'em out.
use the bathroom.
stuff like that?
I. uh. I-I do.
Um. would you mind
if I at least get some
perishables into the fridge?
Taylor:
And we can do that. too.
But what we're gonna
have to do is. uh...
(brakes squeal)
Do you live
by yourself?
Yes.
Taylor:
Okay. What we're
gonna have to do is
we're gonna have to go
into the house first.
make sure it's.
it's safe.
We have a search warrant.
so we-we're. uh.
we're going to.
- Absolutely.
- Taylor: Okay.
And what we'll do is
we'll keep you out here
until we do that
and once we secure it.
we'll. uh...
then we can kind of
go from there. okay?
Of course.
(dog barking)
So is your dog friendly?
(chuckles)
Okay. well. uh. so...
she doesn't... like men.
- Okay.
- So... (laughs)
- So that's a problem.
- Yeah.
- Um. she may come
towards you. but...
- Okay.
She's never bitten anybody.
She's not aggressive.
She's just got. you know.
a really good growl going.
- Okay.
- She'll probably
hide under my desk.
Do you have a.
a leash or--
- I have a leash.
- Okay.
I can. I can get her
leashed up.
So what we might
want to do is maybe let you
go in there with her.
You're not to touch
anything else.
You're not to do
anything else
but get the dog
and bring it out here.
- We cool? We...
- Of course. I understand.
Because otherwise.
if. if we have a problem.
we're not gonna do that.
I can move her
straight to the backyard.
- Taylor: Okay.
- Okay.
Taylor:
Uh. house key?
House key.
We also have a warrant
to search the car too.
Do you have a cell phone?
We'll take that. and we'll. uh.
kind of go from there. okay?
Uh. but like he said.
we're completely voluntary.
completely up to you on...
But. you know. I think maybe
it'd be worth your time...
- No. definitely.
- ...to listen. at least
for a little bit.
- Um. definitely here...
- Okay?
And we can
kind of figure out
what's. what's going on.
- ...to. uh. comply.
- Okay.
Her leash is two feet
inside the door
where I left it
this morning.
I can move her
straight to the backyard.
Are there
any weapons in the car?
In the house?
- In the house. yes.
- What do you have?
I have an AR-15.
Is it pink?
- It's pink.
- Okay.
(chuckles)
How'd you know?
Uh. I have a Glock Nine
under the bed
- and a. uh. a 15-gauge.
- Taylor: Okay.
You sound like my house.
Okay. we're good. then.
Garrick: Alright.
Just don't make any.
any movements for those
and then we're...
- Yeah.
- Taylor: Yeah.
I mean. we're all cool.
- Yeah.
- Garrick: Yeah.
I mean. kind of obvious.
- Yeah.
- Taylor: You can put. put...
There's a little
fenced-in area
where you can put her?
Uh. yes. yes.
And you won't even
take your eyes off me.
Taylor:
And we'll get water
and stuff like that.
And this other guy. uh.
is with us as well.
And we'll probably have
a few more people
showing up here directly.
(keyboard clacking)
- (Garrick chuckles)
- Taylor:
Is that the only pet?
Reality:
There is a cat.
She will go
straight under the bed.
- (dog barks)
- Taylor: Okay.
Jen doesn't like men.
Starting to see
a trend here.
Man:
Yeah. Y'all can come on out.
We found her.
What's her name?
Uh. Mickey.
Hey. Mickey.
Hey there.
(dog barks)
She doesn't know
what's going on. though.
(dog barking)
(gate clanking)
Reality:
There you go.
(dog panting)
You don't have any weapons
or anything on you. do you?
- No.
- None in the car?
Um. in the car? No.
- (door rattling)
- Hey.
Hang on.
Hang on. hang on just--
Can I close the door
for my cat?
Alright.
'Cause that-that's all
I care about right now.
Okay. uh. so the only thing
in there now that's alive
is the cat?
- Reality: Yes.
- There's not a person?
No person.
They're on their way?
Yeah. they're pulling up.
(car doors closing)
Taylor:
Why don't we. uh...
Do you want to wait out here
with her for a minute?
And Joe and I
will walk through.
Again. just to explain.
we have a search warrant.
It's...
- I-I understand.
- Taylor: It's en route. So...
(inaudible chatter)
(tense music playing)
(objects clattering)
It's alright.
They're just making sure. uh.
just checking to make sure
there's nobody else
in there
or nothing... surprise!
(chuckles)
Surprise us
or anything like that.
- Yup.
- So...
I'm gonna make this
as easy as possible
for you guys.
Okay. Likewise.
So hopefully
explain things.
get to. uh.
figure this all out
and. uh. wrap it up.
(dog barking)
How. uh.
(clears throat)
how. how old is she?
We don't know.
She's one of those.
Oh yeah. Yeah.
My. uh.
(clears throat)
one of my dogs is a rescue.
And when I got him.
he wouldn't. uh...
I was the only guy
who could touch him.
Huh?
Anybody else came
in the house.
especially male.
he'd pee all over the place.
But I could touch him.
and it was fine.
(Reality chuckles)
So whoever had him
before was a real. uh.
phew. real piece of work.
Yeah. She was left in a kennel
and neglected her whole life.
Taylor:
Why don't we. uh...
Let's get the groceries.
throw 'em in the fridge
real quick.
then we'll bring you
back out here. okay?
(clattering)
(indistinct chatter)
(objects thudding)
(paper crinkling)
Joe:
Is that...
Garrick: Uh. no. that's it
for the perishables.
Should be.
(car door closes)
(clears throat)
The neighbors.
(Taylor clears throat)
Alright. If you could
just. uh. step over.
Just here.
Yeah.
Just stop right there.
Look up here.
(camera shutter clicks)
Joe:
Just...
There's a cat in the house.
in the bed.
- or it's on the bed.
- On the bed?
- Or was on the bed.
- It's...
It-it'll probably go
under the bed at some point.
Garrick: The dog is in
the backyard in the fence.
Does...
does she need water?
She'll be fine.
She's been inside all day
with her water.
Garrick:
Okay.
- (door closes)
- Alrighty.
Alright.
So would you like
to talk here
or talk. uh.
talk at the office?
Uh. we can go ahead
and talk here.
Do you want
to talk here?
- Sure.
- Okay.
Uh. let's. uh...
I'm trying to think
if we have any
private place. uh.
there in the house that--
D-do you have anything
there in the house
that we can kind of sit
that's away...
Away?
There's one bedroom
that's empty.
I don't...
I-I don't. I don't really like
to go in there...
other than...
I guess I don't really have
anything else other than that.
that back room.
That back room?
Okay. And it's. uh.
it's completely empty?
Yeah. You'll go in there.
There's. uh.
there's one
dog kennel cage.
Other than that.
I don't use it.
Garrick:
Okay. Alright. Um.
y-y-you said you don't like
to go in there. But. uh...
Oh. gosh.
No. it's just... weird.
It's just creepy.
It's like an addition to the.
the back of the house
behind the kitchen.
and it's always dirty.
Okay. Alright.
We. we can talk
back there
if. if you're fine
going back there.
- It's. uh... (clears throat)
- Yeah. we can go back there.
Okay. Alright.
There's a. uh.
there's a back room there
- that we can...
- Taylor: Kind of
like the laundry?
Garrick:
...that she'd like to talk in.
Taylor:
Yeah. that'll work.
It's too hot
out here for...
Oh. well.
I can make a pitstop
and take out the AC
if you need that.
Well. there's.
they've gotta do their thing
for a minute.
and then we can go in.
We can go in.
Oh. get the password.
Oh. what's the. uh.
how do you open this?
- Uh--
- Just hang on.
Joe:
What kind is it?
An iPhone?
(Garrick clears throat)
How long you lived
in Augusta?
Uh... I was out here
October 2015
to April 2016.
um. TDY. and then moved back
this past December.
Garrick:
What do-- (chuckles)
what do you think of it?
Well. I willingly moved
back here as a civilian.
so I guess
it must be alright.
Willingly.
(chuckles)
You say that.
you say that begrudgingly.
Yeah. I. I mean.
originally. I--
My big plan is to deploy
as a Pashto linguist
and be in Bagram
for a bit.
But then they hired me
out here for Farsi. so...
Wait. you're-you're
Farsi and Pashto?
Farsi. Dari. Pashto.
Wow! That's...
(laughs)
that's impressive.
I can barely. I-I'm barely
able to speak English.
English is hard.
Hmm.
Uh. but yeah.
I noticed that with--
(coughing. sniffling)
Especially here at Augusta.
it's. uh.
it's great for families.
But. uh. single. it's.
it's kind of tough.
Like. I can't imagine
coming back.
Taylor:
What's the. um...
Do you. uh. do you have
a password or anything?
- No password.
- How do we. how do we do it?
Show me how to do it
or tell me how to do it.
Swipe that?
Uh. yeah.
Taylor:
No security?
No security.
You don't have a password
or anything that--
No password. Nothing.
Just anytime it locks.
- you just press
the side there...
- Okay.
...until you see the circle
and just slide up a bit.
Okay. so it...
(Taylor quietly muttering)
Did you already show her
the warrant?
Garrick:
Uh. no. I haven't.
I was going to. We're going to.
we're going to sit down
and show it to her.
(rustling)
Garrick: What made you
get out of the Air Force?
I. I wanted to deploy.
I mean. I learned Pashto
for a reason
and those opportunities aren't
in the Air Force right now.
Mm.
(chuckles)
You figure that
with that language.
you could just
raise your hand and they'd go.
- Right here!
- "Yeah. go."
Yeah. No.
Where I was in Maryland.
they only had one billet
per year for Afghanistan.
and it was all
always airborne.
Not even language.
So I imagine people
are just crawling for it.
Yeah. And I don't have
my airborne physical. So...
(dog barking)
Joe:
Is your dog okay?
- Does it need anything?
- She's fine.
- She?
- Yeah. she's--
If you can tell
we're all dog people.
(laughs)
Yeah. I can.
I can tell.
Is she destructive at all
when she. when you
leave her alone?
Yeah. she's just
a nervous chewer.
Man:
Whoa!
(man laughing)
(keyboard clacking)
Where do you CrossFit at?
Uh. I'm at SEC.
It used to be
on. uh. Enterprise Court...
- Mm-hmm.
- ...off of Bobby Jones.
and then we moved
to Wheeler.
Uh. but my-my friend's
reopening the Under Box.
Garrick:
You. you going to go off?
Yeah. I'm just. I'm just
waiting for her gym
to open to. to jump ship.
- (Taylor talking indistinctly)
- (Joe laughing)
Garrick: I did it
for. like. six months.
and I hurt myself.
- Oh.
- Just every single day
was just pain.
- Yeah.
- So. I don't know.
I guess I'm just too old
and broken.
Yeah. I always say that
I. I don't do CrossFit.
- I do competitive powerlifting.
- Garrick: Okay.
And then I do CrossFit
when it's convenient.
Garrick:
No. Uh-huh.
Taylor:
What's your. uh...
(chuckles)
Powerlifting?
What's your.
y-your preference on?
What's your favorite stuff?
Oh. I'm just
all upper body.
So. bench.
It's kind of sad.
I tested my lifts this week
because I have a competition
on June 24th.
and my max bench is 180.
and then my max back squat--
I have a.
I have a back injury.
so my max back squat is 195.
- But I don't--
- Still!
Still not shabby.
No. it should not be
that close.
How'd you hurt
your back?
Uh. doing power cleans.
My. uh. pelvis
wasn't rotating.
so I separated that joint.
- Sounds painful.
- Reality: Yeah.
I did. um.
I was doing box jumps
and this hand just...
I was doing it by myself.
It hit the box.
And. I-I mean. I thought
I just fractured every bone
in the body.
in the. in the hand.
And I went to. I had to go
to the doctor to get the x-ray.
They said.
"So how did you do this?"
CrossFit.
Four times they asked me.
I said. "No. I didn't get
in a fight. It was CrossFit."
(chuckles)
I. I. um.
I thought I could see
the bone on my shin
from that one.
Garrick:
Wow. What was that?
Box jumps.
Just missed the box.
That's a moment
you really hope.
did anybody see that?
(winces) I really hope
nobody saw that.
So I do have
to ask just
however this goes.
and I don't want to make
any assumptions.
but this is going to be
a thing where. like.
I brought my phone
into the building
and I don't see that phone
for three weeks or...
- So. we'll go over the--
- So. we have a warrant
for the phone.
Yeah. no. and I don't.
I don't want to make
any assumptions
or anything like that.
Just. uh...
I'm. I'm teaching
yoga tomorrow.
and my phone has
the music on it.
Okay.
I mean. there are...
bigger problems in the world.
So I. I can make do.
I guess.
Yeah. And. uh. we'll. we'll talk
about that once we sit down.
Is there. uh. do you have
just a few chairs?
Like. kitchen table chairs
we can pull into that.
that back room
or are we gonna be
sitting on the floor?
Reality:
No. Uh...
yeah. if you want to sit.
I'm not too big on furniture.
(camera beeps)
(indistinct radio chatter)
(camera beeps. shutter clicks)
Would it be too much
to ask if I can get
the cat on a leash
and tied up?
Just. um...
I just don't want to be. like.
asking someone in the FBI
to keep the front door closed
if you guys are doing a search.
I don't see.
I don't see an issue.
Uh. uh. where is
the cat right now?
- In the bedroom.
- Uh. on the bed.
In the bed.
- Okay.
- Still in the bed?
Joe:
Yeah. I think so.
(camera beeps. shutter clicks)
Taylor: Where... um.
just safety's sake.
where are the. uh...
there's your weapon
and the--
The weapon. it's right by
the little table
with the lamp
right under the bed.
Your cat's under there.
He's under the bed.
or she's under the bed.
Taylor: The AR is
in the case in here?
Yes.
Where's the other gun?
Reality:
It's behind it.
more against the wall
in the black case.
Can you get your cat?
- Do you want to get your cat?
- Joe: Can you...
Taylor:
Do you want to get your cat?
Joe: Do you want
to get your cat?
Just-- Get your cat.
(purrs softly)
Reality (on recording):
Alright. She's good.
- Taylor: (sighs) Okay.
- Garrick: Alright.
Taylor:
Uh. you wanna go back here?
Garrick:
Yeah. you can go ahead
and go back in there.
(clattering)
(switch clicks)
(door closes)
(tense music playing)
(blinds rattle)
This room is dirty.
I'm so sorry.
(blinds rattle)
Alrighty.
So. uh. again.
my name is Justin.
You probably
don't re-remember
any idea of who I am.
So. Justin Garrick
with the FBI.
Uh. this is Wally.
He's my partner.
Um. so what I want to do
is kind of explain
that. you know. we do have
a search warrant.
Uh. you're welcome
to see the warrant.
You're welcome
to read the warrant.
And then explain
a little bit about it.
Now. if you're willing
to talk to me.
I'd like to kind of go through
just how this started
and. you know.
give your. your side of it.
We'll figure out
what's going on here.
Does that sound. uh.
sound good to you?
Okay.
Okay?
Yes.
Now I'm
gonna take. uh...
(clears throat)
Right here.
I'm gonna take.
uh. notes.
uh. just random basis.
You gotta take notes.
(Reality chuckles)
(Garrick clears throat)
Now. do you need water
or anything?
Ar-are you thirsty?
You're what?
If you need water.
shout it out.
Uh... okay.
I'll let you know. Thanks.
Are you thirsty?
Uh. not right now.
Okay. Alright.
Um. if you need
to use the restroom.
any of that. let me know.
It's not a big deal. Okay?
Okay. So currently.
you're employed
as a contract. uh. linguist
with Pluribus?
Yes.
I'm sorry. what languages
you said?
Um. I-I heard...
Uh. Farsi. Dari. Pashto.
Garrick:
Okay.
(clears throat)
Any other?
- No.
- Garrick: (laughing)
I'm kidding.
I think that's enough.
(clears throat)
That's really impressive.
Uh. and you live here.
uh. sorry. by yourself?
- Yes.
- Garrick: Okay.
(pen scratching)
It's really hard
without a table and chairs.
(clears throat)
- I-I'm so sorry.
- It's...
You don't have to apol--
It's your house.
Um. if you do feel like.
you know.
you want to sit
or anything. we'll sit.
Okay? I mean.
if you sit on the floor.
I'll sit on the floor.
I don't care.
- Hmm?
- Reality: Mm-hmm.
Okay.
Um. and I'm serious
about that.
If you want to sit. please.
I'll. I'll sit down too.
Okay.
Um. so. again.
We have a warrant.
and it's...
do you...
Would you like to see it?
- Yes. please.
- Garrick: Okay.
That just gave us
the authority to search
the residence.
the car. and then you.
125 pounds.
You guys flatter me.
Sorry. I have
a sense of humor.
- That was on your
driver's license.
- Taylor: That's right.
Okay. well. I lied.
(both chuckle)
Don't we all?
Attachment "B"
just explains the property
- that we're authorized
to search for and seize.
- (loud bang)
Any questions
about any of that?
Um...
No.
Okay.
We'll just leave
a copy of that for you.
Garrick:
Yeah. we'll leave a copy.
♪ ♪
(camera beeping.
shutter clicking)
Garrick:
So. uh.
all this stems from
a report that we received
that you had mishandled
classified information.
Uh. my. uh. question is.
does that ring any bells
to you whatsoever?
(camera beeps. shutter clicks)
(Reality sighs)
It-it does now. Um...
When I started working
at White Law. I...
- Do you guys know PKI passwords?
- Taylor: Mm-hmm.
So I had a printed-out email.
and I put it in a folder.
I didn't have a desk yet.
so I. I took it with me
and passed through security
and went to Starbucks.
And when I came back.
they searched through it.
And unfortunately.
the email I had printed out
was classified.
and. uh. they. they
filed a report for that.
Garrick:
Okay. Alright.
And. uh. what's
your work role there
at. at White Law?
Currently. I translate
graphics documents.
and. um...
- Yeah. that's all I do.
- Garrick: Okay.
From Farsi to English.
So you're assigned
to a specific section.
- I guess. or group?
- Reality: Yes.
Uh. it's the Iranian
Aerospace Forces Office.
Have you been assigned there
your entire time there?
Reality:
Yes. since February.
Okay.
(clears throat)
Uh. is there
any other issues
or anything you're aware of
that might explain
why that report
was generated?
Like. ah. maybe this.
maybe that.
No.
No. Okay.
Um. so you currently hold
Top Secret/SCI clearance?
Yes.
Garrick:
How long have you had that?
Uh. I would say
since January 2013.
- While you were
in the Air Force?
- Reality: Yes.
So you kept it through...
through the...
Did you...
I guess when you left
the Air Force.
you kept the...
When did you lea--
When did you process
out of the Air Force?
Uh. I processed out
of the Air Force.
um. December.
uh. December 14th. um. 2016.
And up until that time.
I was looking for contracts
to try and get
my clearance renewed.
So your. uh. clearance
just kind of passed through?
It passed through. Yeah.
Okay. Alright.
Um. so. again.
as far as you're aware.
you haven't committed
any security violations
or anything you're aware of
other than this. this
PKI thing?
Other than
the PKI thing. no.
I mean...
I-I do print out
documents at work
because it's easier for me
to translate them by hand.
- Taylor: Hmm.
- Reality: But then
I put them in the box.
and then I don't
get it mixed up
with. like. my.
my classified notes
because they. uh...
I use pretty paper.
So I don't take out
white paper.
Mm. Got it.
An-and I know it sounds
really dumb.
but it's just. uh.
it's how I can do it now.
And after this stupid
PKI thing. I was like.
no more white paper
out of the building.
(soft chuckle)
You. you said
you printed out stuff.
Yeah. I printed out--
Garrick:
Is there a. a...
why did that come to mind
as far as security?
I guess
I'm. um. just trying
to think about
actual paper.
Um. I can't imagine
any other way
to get things out
of the building. I guess.
I mean. I-I'm old fashioned.
so thinking about that.
And (sighs)
just with this PKI thing.
just making sure I don't
accidentally have anything
in my lunch box
or anything like--
- Taylor: Nothing got
out of the building?
- Nothing.
You didn't carry anything
out of the building?
No. No. And I definitely
let everything get searched
all the time.
So I haven't had
any other accidents.
(Taylor sighs)
Do you work
on any other matters?
No.
Okay.
Have you ever inadvertently.
either by accident
or. or intentionally
or whatever.
uh. gone outside your
need to know on items?
Outside my
Um...
I do from time to time
look at a website
called My Online.
- It's. uh. drone feeds.
- Garrick: Okay.
I used to work a drone mission.
so it's all Afghan stuff.
But other than that.
just. uh...
reading basic
news articles on NSA Net.
But I've never accessed
anything that's outside of--
Okay. Have you ever
gone searching for stuff
that's not related to your.
uh. your work role?
No.
Garrick:
Okay.
You kind of already
answered this.
But outside of the PKI.
have you ever taken anything
outside of the.
uh. uh. the NSA facility?
- No.
- Garrick: No?
Uh. have you
downloaded anything?
Emailed anything out?
- No.
- Garrick: No? Okay.
Have you ever discussed.
uh. any classified material
with anybody
who wouldn't have
the. uh. prior
US government authorization?
Who wouldn't have the clearance
or anything like that?
and the need to know?
No.
No? Okay.
Not many people ask
about Iranian aerospace.
so. uh... I lucked out.
So you never discussed.
uh. discussed work
or anything classified
with anybody?
Uh-uh.
Taylor:
How's the neighborhood?
I. I did not look at a map
when I signed the lease.
But I am well armed.
- You seem to be.
- (Reality chuckles)
What's your plans?
You gonna stay in the house
or you gonna move
somewhere else or...
Di-did you sign
a lease. I guess?
I signed a lease.
and I would only break it
if I get a deployment.
- Yeah.
- Mm-hmm.
Have you had any issues here
since you moved here?
I did. yeah.
Garrick:
What happened?
I was coming home from a concert
in Atlanta and it was 3:00 a.m..
and. uh. there was a. a guy
standing on the street.
And I wanted to make sure
that he didn't see me go
from like my car
to my. my door.
And I thought
I'd timed it out well.
But then I was standing
at the sink getting water
and then someone starts knocking
at the door and I was like--
(door opens)
- Do you have a toothpick?
- Taylor: Huh?
(door slams)
Uh. it's. uh. 3:00 a.m..
and. uh. my-my-my keys
and my phone were by the door
'cause that's where
I dropped them.
'cause I had to pee.
so. uh.
very glad to have a.
a Glock Nine in the back.
Garrick:
Oh. yeah.
Did not sleep.
- (Garrick laughing)
- Taylor: I'm sure.
Anything other than that?
Other than that? Um...
(Garrick coughs and sniffles)
There's this...
(chuckles) People always ask
if you want your lawn done.
And. uh. someone came
and mowed my lawn
while I was
in Belize last week.
so. uh. not really cool
with that.
- I imagine not.
- Yeah.
They're probably
gonna come by.
knock on the door.
and ask for compensation.
Reality: Yeah.
(laughs)
I mean.
if it's the same guy
I paid last time.
he's like this
little old man.
like. in his 80s.
so I won't really be mad.
- But--
- When. uh.
when did you go
to Belize?
I left on Saturday morning
and flew back
Monday morning. uh.
last weekend.
That was a quick trip
to Belize.
(Reality chuckles)
It was a quick trip.
Taylor:
What you go down there for?
I wanted to see
the Mayan pyramids.
Taylor:
Okay.
Reality: (chuckles)
So. yeah.
Taylor:
That's pretty cool.
Reality:
I-I didn't have any leave.
so I was tired of waiting
for the stars to align.
- So I just said...
- Taylor: Sure.
...got three days.
let's do it.
- Taylor: That's cool.
- Garrick: Fair enough.
Spur of the moment.
that's pretty cool.
Did you go down there
by yourself or...
Yeah. by myself.
Garrick:
Okay. Did you
do any tours or anything
down there?
I did.
Um. I...
The. the first day.
I went on. like.
a Altun Ha tour.
Uh... that was one of
the first sites.
And then the second day.
we did. um.
uh. we took a boat
on a river
down to the Lamanai pyramids.
And then we came back and...
Yeah.
- Okay.
- Mm-hmm.
Saw a bunch of monkeys.
So you're positive you've
never printed anything out
that was outside
of your work role?
(sighs)
Uh. I'm trying to think.
Um...
uh...
because there's. um. there's.
there's NSA Pulse.
and. uh. from time to time.
I. I do print out articles
from that and use
as scratch paper.
Uh. th-that sounds
really dumb.
Uh. (laughs) now that
I'm thinking about it.
the things that I. I did
were r-r-r-really dumb. uh.
But then. I always threw it out
in the burn bin.
Garrick:
Okay.
What kind of articles
from Pulse do you pull out?
- (keyboard clacking)
- (dog barking)
Reality:
Uh. usually reference
material about. like...
(beeping)
...uh. just making sure.
like. so many references
that I keep having
to re-look up.
so that's probably
a fraud. waste.
and abuse right there.
Taylor:
We're not worried about
fraud. waste. and abuse.
Okay.
No.
I use a lot of papers.
but nothing outside
of Iranian stuff or anything
other than that. and never
outside of the building.
Okay.
Reality.
what if I said that I have
the information
to suggest that
you did print out stuff
that was outside
of that scope?
I mean. I would...
I would try to remember.
Garrick:
Okay.
What if I said
that you
printed out information
related to. uh.
reports on--
(distortion)
Taylor:
Reality?
Uh...
(chuckles)
we obviously know
a lot more than.
than what we're
telling you at this point.
And I think. I think
you know a lot more
than what you're telling us
at this point.
I don't want you
to go down the wrong road.
I think you need to. to stop
and think about
what you're saying
and what you're doing.
I think it-it-it's an.
an opportunity
to maybe tell the truth.
Because t-telling a.
telling a lie
to an FBI agent
is not going to be
the right thing.
Okay?
Uh. you know.
uh. again.
we're here voluntarily.
You're talking voluntarily.
I'm not asking you.
forcing you to do anything
but think.
That-that-that's what
I'm asking you to do is think.
So...
think about
what he just asked you
and let. you know...
There's one
I. uh. printed out
because I wanted to read it.
Can you remember
what day that was?
I might mess up
the dates. but. um...
late. late March.
early. uh...
- early April.
- Taylor: And what was it?
It was an
NSA Pulse article about--
(distortion)
- Garrick: Okay.
- And. uh...
I did print that one out.
Garrick:
Okay.
Why...
(clears throat)
Why did you print
that one out?
Um. because I wanted
to read it. (scoffs)
Uh. the way
I. I downloaded it.
it was hard to read.
so. um...
uh. just.
it looked like
a. a piece of history.
you know?
And I. I wanted it on my desk
for. like. a day.
Did you. uh...
H-how did you find it?
Uh. so if you go
on Pulse.
there's a...
uh. the top right.
they have a tab
that says "articles."
and I. I scroll through those.
(stammers) Uh...
I don't know
if you guys saw the one
about the
miniature ponies. but...
- We missed that one.
- Reality: Yeah.
No. that was.
uh. that was number one
for. like. a year.
so obviously I go
to check to see
if there's any other gems.
And then there was.
there was that one.
and I saw it on the news
and I was just like.
yeah. I. uh.
I wanted to read it.
So. yeah.
- Okay.
- What did you do
with the article?
I kept it on my desk
for. like. three days.
(heavy breathing)
I'm going to be honest.
I only read. like.
half of it.
It was the stupidest thing ever.
Uh. and then. and then
I burned bagged it
in the box with the slat.
uh. next to the fridge.
Taylor: Okay. Uh. did you
print out any other articles?
No. no. I just.
just. only the one.
Garrick:
Okay.
Talking around it.
You're pretty sure it was
late April. early March.
Think about. uh.
try to remember. like.
details in your personal life.
I know! I-I'm trying.
I d-- I don't...
I don't.
I don't remember.
Um. I got in a fight
with the boyfriend that week.
God.
when did I break up with him?
I-I don't remember.
God. I'm. I'm really
blanking on what week.
what the. what the weekend
was like before that.
- I-I'm so sorry.
- Garrick: It's okay.
Uh. I'm trying. God.
Yeah. Mid-. mid-April
is all I'm thinking.
Garrick:
Okay. Alright.
What if I tell you
that I know
that you searched for
and printed out a document
on the ninth of May?
The ninth of May?
Uh. let me see.
The CrossFit competition
was on the 12th.
God. was it really that late?
Um...
I-I-I mean.
I can't argue that.
If-if you know. you know.
I mean. obviously you know.
- I mean. I-I just.
I can't imagine.
- Okay. uh...
I mean. I guess
we're already June already.
It's. it's been a really
bad month for me.
Taylor:
Do you remember what you did
to get to that article?
Other than seeing it
on the.
on the front page
or linking it--
Uh. do you remember
what search terms
you might have put in?
(sighs)
Probably--
(distortion)
I'm not very sophisticated.
Okay. So...
you did print out
a document.
uh. an intelligence report.
Y-you do recall that?
Yeah. I do remember now. Yeah.
Garrick:
Okay. What did you do
with that report?
I kept it on my desk
for three days.
and. um. I thought
it was interesting
and I would read it.
And then I said. no. I sh--
I should not have this
on my desk.
And so I put it
in the burn bag.
Where's the burn bag?
Reality:
Okay. uh.
it's in the. uh. break room.
Uh. it's the white box
with the little slat on it.
one over from the fridge.
Garrick: So you just
slide it in there and--
- And it's taken care of?
- Yeah.
Okay. Reality...
are you sure that's what
you did with it?
Yes.
Garrick:
You're positive?
- Yes.
- Taylor: You didn't take it
out of the building?
No.
Garrick: You didn't take it
out of the building
and give it to anybody?
- No.
- Garrick: You didn't send it?
- Taylor: You didn't
send it to anyone?
No.
Garrick:
Reality. can you guess
how many people
might have printed out
that article?
Reality:
No.
It's not many.
(chuckles)
That article has made it
outside of NSA.
Okay? Obviously.
because we're here.
And the most likely candidate
by far and away is you.
So now.
I-I-I don't think--
I don't think you're a.
you know.
a. a big bad master spy
or anything.
Okay? I don't.
I don't think that.
I think that I've looked
at the evidence.
and it's compelling.
Now. I'm not sure
why you did it.
and I'm curious
as to that.
but I think
you might have been angry
over everything
that's going on
politics-wise.
Because you
can't turn on the...
you can't turn on the TV
without getting pissed off.
Or at least I can't.
I think you might have
just made a mistake.
Now. why I'm here
and why I want to talk to you
is to figure out
the why behind this.
Okay?
So... I ask you again.
Did you take it out
and send it?
I... I didn't.
I-I-I put it
in the burn bag.
I mean.
I'm trying to deploy.
I'm not trying to be
a whistleblower.
That's crazy.
Garrick: So how would
you think that a document
would end up getting out?
Uh. I mean...
I. I mean...
Let's be honest. there's.
there's little to no security
on the documents.
- I mean. nobody pats you down.
- Garrick: Mm-hmm.
We talk about it all the time
at work. like.
"Oh. you have
to show our lunch.
Oh. you eat so healthy."
like every day.
all the time.
And people just. they...
I mean. we. we have a building
full of geniuses. right?
And. I mean.
I guess I'm just...
I'm. I'm. I'm talking
and I'm nervous.
but I-I didn't.
I didn't do anything with it.
I mean. I-I'm trying
to go somewhere else.
- I'm trying to increase
my clearance.
- Garrick: Okay.
I mean. I-- and I know
it was sensitive
and I thought it
would be cool to have
on my desk
for a couple days.
Okay. But do you remember.
you said you remember
putting it in the.
in the. the burn bag.
- Reality: Yeah.
- Just sliding it in there.
Okay.
(clears throat)
I remember that.
Folded in half.
Folded in half?
Yeah. Yeah. um...
Because it didn't...
Yeah. uh. folded in half.
What if I tell you
that that document
folded in half
made its way
outside of NSA?
- I. I don't. I don't--
- Garrick: Made its way out
in an envelope
postmarked Augusta. Georgia.
See. things are starting
to get a little specific.
- Yeah.
- Garrick: Made its way
to an online news source
that you subscribe to.
Getting really specific.
So I'm going
to ask you again.
What is very. very...
very compelling...
I'd like to know
the reason
because I. I-I don't think
you make a habit
out of this at all.
At all.
I think you just...
messed up.
Now. I'm not sure
why you did it.
and I'd like to hear
from you on that.
But the what and the how
would you agree...
looks awfully bad?
It looks really bad. Yeah.
If you're angry
about what's going on.
if there's anything that...
Look. you've had
a good career.
You have.
If there's something
that just pushed you
over the edge on this...
now is the perfect time.
This is a podium.
Taylor:
You know.
like... like he said.
I. I don't think
we're coming in here to say
you're some big. bad mastermind.
prolific spy kind of thing.
I think what we both think is
that maybe you made a mistake.
Maybe you weren't thinking
for a minute.
Maybe you got angry.
like he said.
I mean.
th-that's what I'm hoping.
If th-that's the case.
then that makes us feel
a little better
knowing we don't have a.
a real serious problem here.
You know. that's something
that concerns us. too.
That. that this isn't
an. an ongoing problem.
But we need
to figure it out.
And if it was
a mistake...
let's deal with it.
(door opens)
Agent:
Is this...
is this a room?
Agent 2:
Is that a room?
(door closes)
So how'd you get it
out of the office?
Folded in half
in my pantyhose.
(tense music playing)
Garrick:
Okay.
And what did you do
with it?
(fluorescent lights buzzing)
I put it in an envelope
and sent it to--
(distortion)
Taylor:
Anybody specifically there?
I don't think I put a name.
I just put--
Had you communicated with them
prior to you doing that? With--
No. I wasn't trying to be
a Snowden or anything.
Taylor: And that's what--
I don't think you were either.
I really don't.
But I. I. I think
you made a mistake.
But...
(stammers)
I don't think
either one of us
think you were trying
to be Snowden.
(echoing)
No. it was. it was just
the one document.
- And like you said. because...
- Taylor: Right.
...I've had. um. a.
a really hard time at work.
Uh. I've. I've. I've filed
formal complaints
about them having
Fox News on all the time
and. and. like.
for God's sake.
put Al-Jazeera on
or a slideshow
of people's pets.
Like. I've tried everything
to get that changed.
Taylor:
It would probably
be a good thing.
Unfortunately.
it doesn't matter
which side you're watching.
they're all pretty bad.
- (softly) Yeah.
- Taylor: But...
uh. I think the pets may be
the way to go.
(rustling)
Reality: The pets
would have been great.
Uhm...
but just having that
every day and then--
(distortion)
Where'd you mail it from?
Uh. mailbox
on. uh. Baston Road.
Taylor:
Okay.
It's. uh. it's.
uh. the shopping center
with the bank and
the Earth Fare
gro-gro-grocery store.
Okay. I know
where you're talking about.
At the intersection
of Baston Road
and F-Fury's Ferry.
- Taylor: Fury's Ferry. Okay.
- Garrick: Mm-hmm.
I never could say that right.
Fur-Fury's Ferry.
Taylor: And it was just
a mailbox sittin' out
in the middle
of the parking lot?
Reality: Mm-hmm.
Just a metal box. yeah.
- Okay.
- Garrick: Okay.
Taylor:
Do you remember
what day it was?
(sighs)
What day of the week
was the ninth?
Let's see. Um...
Uh. we'll check.
Need some water
or something?
I'd like some water
once we figure out
what day of
the week it was.
- Okay.
- Taylor: Let's see.
I want to say
it was. uh.
if I can figure out
this crazy phone.
I want to say
it was a Tuesday.
- Tuesday?
- Taylor: Yeah.
Garrick: Is there something
significant about the ninth
- in other ways?
- No. Uh. it was.
it was just
the first day I saw it. uh.
If it... if. if...
It might have been
the 11th or the 12th
if. if I subbed yoga
on the.
on the night of the 11th.
then. uh. the yoga studio
is right there.
Taylor:
So it would have been
a Thursday or Friday?
- (whispers) Thursday or Friday.
- Taylor: Okay.
What yoga studio?
Uh. it's called
Oh Yeah Yoga.
So. you said maybe
you mailed it
Thursday or Friday?
- Reality: Mm-hmm.
- Okay.
How did you know to.
uh. mail it to--
(distortion)
(tense music playing)
(scoffs. mutters)
(distortion)
Garrick: So you wanted
to be able to publish it?
Yeah.
Taylor:
Did you send it
anywhere else?
- No.
- Taylor: No?
No other publications
you've shown it to
or given it to?
No. (sniffles)
Is there gonna be
anything here
that we're gonna be
surprised to find?
No. I. I never took
the document
out of my car.
Taylor: Is there anything
on your phone or your computer?
On my. on my phone.
you might.
I don't. I don't know
if I deleted it.
but you guys are probably going
to be able to see it anyway.
but there will be
a screenshot of the address.
- Okay.
- Taylor: Okay.
Uh. you mentioned
you wanted some water?
Yeah.
- Yeah. Why don't we. uh...
- No. I'll make it.
Uh. I'm just gonna
get somebody out here.
(door opens)
Hey. can I. can I have
somebody in here. please?
Uh. do you want
a bottle of water?
Um...
Garrick: Do you have
a filter in the fridge
or do you just want
tap water or...
Ta-tap water.
There's. um. a.
a mason jar glass
next to the sink.
Garrick:
Can I get one person
to stand here. please.
so I can go to the kitchen?
Joe:
You guys. uh.
you're not going
to fit in there anymore.
She's not going to fit
in there anymore.
Taylor:
She's still under the bed?
- Joe: Huh?
- Taylor: The cat.
Is the cat
still under the bed?
She's a big girl.
(laughs)
(laugh echoes)
Oh yeah.
we-we're trying.
(echoing)
Taylor: How old is she?
She's three years now.
But girl likes to eat.
(slow. distorted)
Joe: Oh yeah.
Reality:
She likes carbs.
She's got
a little slim fit on her.
Mm-hmm.
She came out.
I was like...
Both: Whoa!
(Joe laughs)
Yeah. (laughs)
She'll snatch bread
right out of my mouth.
- Like...
- Taylor: Wow.
...girl.
you do not need those.
(Taylor and Joe laughing)
(raucous laughter)
(laughter echoes)
(Garrick clears throat)
(audio clears)
Water.
Thanks.
(Garrick sighs)
So other than the screenshot
on the phone.
there shouldn't be
anything else?
And there should be nothing
on the laptop?
Nothing on the laptop.
I do have a Tor browser.
Which probably looks bad. but...
Okay.
What do you... use.
what do you use
the Tor browser for?
Garrick:
Have you had any contact
with anyone from--
(distortion)
(echoes)
The Intercept?
Garrick:
Have you tried to reach out?
Like you said.
I saw the article.
and I couldn't believe
it wasn't a thing.
It made you mad.
It made me very mad.
Man: (on screen)
...that Russian interference
helped him win the election.
Senior national
correspondent--
Reality:
"Russia/Cybersecurity:
"Main Intelligence Directorate
Cyber Actors.
"redacted.
Target U.S. Companies
"and Local
U.S. Government Officials
"Using Voter
Registration-Themed Emails.
"Spoof Election-Related
Products and Services.
"Research Absentee Ballot
Email Addresses;
August to November 2016."
Man (on TV):
If anybody could show me
that the Russians
got into any voting machine
anywhere in America and--
- They did-- that-- nobody--
- That's how you hack
an election. Bill.
No. no. That's one way
you can hack an election.
No one is--
Reality:
"Russian General Staff Main
Intelligence Directorate actors
"redacted. executed
cyber espionage operations
"against a named U.S. company
in August 2016.
"evidently to obtain information
"on elections-related software
and hardware solutions
"according to information
that became available
in April 2017."
- What kind of attack--
- You're jumping
to conclusions.
No. there is no jump.
- I'm simply telling you--
- Of course. you are.
There's not
one shred of evidence
- tying Russians
to a hacking--
- Okay.
Reality:
"Given the content
of the malicious email.
"it was likely
that the threat actor
"was targeting officials
involved in the management
"of voter registration systems.
"It is unknown whether
the aforementioned
"spear-phishing deployment
successfully compromised
"the intended victims.
and what potential data
could have been accessed
by the cyber actor."
(modem beeping. whirring)
Reality:
It was right there.
And I just. I didn't care
about myself at that point.
Garrick:
When did you realize
the technical capabilities
of that article?
Reality:
Sources and methods.
Garrick:
Sources and methods
are valuable to adversaries.
Reality:
Yeah.
Garrick:
Okay.
With that in mind.
why did you make the decision
to send it anyway?
Reality:
Honestly. I just figured
that whatever we were using
had already been compromised.
And that this report
would just be like
one drop in a bucket.
(Garrick coughs)
(sniffles)
Garrick:
Is there anything else
you want to tell me?
Say?
Talk about why?
I was just...
I just thought that...
that week
there was just too much
to sit back
and watch it and think.
why do I have this job
if I'm going to be helpless?
It was just...
I'm sorry.
It was just the final straw.
Was there something
that just
just... did it.
(snaps fingers)
Because you don't seem
the type to do this.
- I-I-I'm not.
- Garrick: I-I-I believe in it.
I wanna believe in it.
I'm not. I--
I want to go out
With our Special Forces.
I mean. that's why I got
out of the Air Force.
I-I-I...
It's wh--
it's why I'm here in Augusta.
I-I was trying to get
my clearance back
so I could get deployments.
I-- It just was at a time
I wasn't applying
for deployments. I...
I had seven. eight months
left of a job
that didn't mean
anything to me
because it's. it's Iran.
and I'm a Pashto linguist.
Like. what am I doing
translating Farsi?
I-I just...
I felt hopeless.
And seeing that information
be contested back
and forth.
back and forth
in the public domain
with everything else
that just keeps getting released
and everything that keeps
getting leaked. like.
why can't this
get out there?
Why can't this be public?
Were you surprised
to see us today?
Yeah. Actually. I thought
you were here to ask
about the house
because it's still
for lease online.
Because you didn't seem
surprised when we pulled up.
Oh. God. That's just because
I have a resting bitch face.
You guys turn around
and. and "FBI."
I was like. what is going on.
you know?
And then you showed
your badge right up and. uh...
I submitted my
security packet yesterday
for my clearance on E-QIP.
So I thought
that was what it's for.
I was like.
why are you guys questioning me
for my own clearance?
- But...
- Garrick: Okay.
That's. that's not going
to happen.
Garrick:
Uh...
Taylor: Anything else
you can think of?
Garrick:
What we have to do is
we have to do the search.
Of course.
Uh. you said--
(coughs)
(hacking cough)
Sorry. I have
a sinus infection.
- so I sound...
- It's okay?
Garrick:
I sound awful.
(clears throat)
Well. this is the best room
to be in it with.
(Garrick chuckles)
Taylor:
Do you remember
the site from memory?
Uh. if you scroll down
to the bottom. there's contact.
but it-it's not as obvious
as you think
because it's closer.
Mm-hmm.
How long did it
take you to find it?
About probably three minutes
of scrolling.
which felt like an eternity
sitting in my car.
- Taylor: Mm-hmm.
- Garrick: Okay.
- Yeah.
- Garrick: Uh...
you said the documents
stayed in your car.
- Yeah.
- Garrick: Where did you
get the envelope?
The box of envelopes is...
it's on the back seat
in the car
behind the driver's seat.
I--
I had a bunch of forms
I had to mail out last December.
so it's been in my car
since December.
Garrick:
Okay.
And the stamps?
Stamps.
I think I have about one
or two left in there.
uh. but I-I keep stamps
in the glove box
in case I have
to mail anything out.
like bills and stuff.
Garrick:
Okay. In. in your glove box?
In the glove box. yeah.
Garrick: Alright.
Uh. I'm trying to think
if I have anything else.
Uh. the search. the. the guys
will continue the search.
(voice fading)
Search the vehicle
and the house.
and they'll photograph everything.
Um. you. uh.
the search team leader.
uh. is gonna sit down with you
and go through things...
(voice inaudible)
(audio muffled)
My passport...
(collar jingles)
Garrick:
Do you have. uh.
any questions for me?
Reality:
So many. um.
This sounds really bad.
Am I going to jail tonight?
Garrick: I don't know
how to answer that yet.
- Okay.
- Taylor: What was the question?
- Uh. if she's
going to jail tonight.
- Oh.
Said I don't have the answer
to that quite yet.
Of course. the. the search
is still going on. uh.
In the case that...
I don't have memorized...
The woman.
her name is Cathy.
She works at
the Augusta Humane Society.
- Taylor: Okay.
- She can come and pick up
the dog in the case that
I-I-I-I'm not here tonight.
- Taylor: Well. let's don't...
- Garrick: Okay.
It's just...
Taylor:
Let's don't put the cart
before the horse right now.
Okay.
Taylor:
Okay?
- That's just. um...
- Taylor: I understand.
...my only concern
is getting her
and then maybe one more phone
call to get the cat covered.
Taylor:
We'll. we'll figure that out.
If. if it comes to that.
we'll. we'll figure
that out.
Garrick: And I don't have
the answer to that yet.
And I'm going to...
We'll. we'll cross that bridge
when we get to it. Okay?
Okay.
Garrick:
Uh. what else?
(indistinct radio chatter)
(toilet flushes)
Taylor:
You turn it off?
Garrick:
It's still recording.
(door opens)
Man (on radio):
Copy.
Would you like
to sit down somewhere?
- I'm fine.
- You're fine?
Yeah.
(agents chattering indistinctly)
(barking)
Garrick:
Reality.
(dog whining)
(handcuffs clicking)
♪ ♪
(dog whining)
Automated voice:
Hello. This is a prepaid
collect call
from an inmate
at Lincoln County Jail
in Lincolnton. Georgia.
This call is subject
to recording and monitoring.
- To accept charges. press one.
- (keypad beeps)
Reality: As soon as Mom
and Gary get to Georgia.
they're going
to pick up Mina at least.
and Mickey will stay back
with the shelter.
but they're safe
in the house.
Everyone was really
worried about them when
they searched my house.
Bunch of dog people.
Yeah. I mean. that was
the one thing. like.
when the FBI
was interrogating me.
they were just like.
look. we have everything.
We're just...
we just want
to know why.
You know what I mean?
They didn't care
about anything else.
They were just straight-up
curious to know why.
They say Reality Winner
has two faces.
One an Air Force veteran.
a loving daughter.
and a yoga instructor.
The other. a person who
had taken a keen interest
in the Middle East
with suspicious motives.
When asked by the FBI.
Winner stated that she knew
the intelligence report
revealed sources and methods
used by the U.S.
intelligence agencies.
and she knew that compromising
those sources and methods
could be valuable
to our adversaries
and damage the United States.
She claimed
to hate America.
When asked. "You don't really
hate America. right?"
She responded.
"I mean. yeah. I do.
It's literally the worst thing
to happen on the planet."
She was the
quintessential example
of an insider threat.
Obviously an intemperate
political activist.
how did she get
a security clearance?
We could ask
the same question
about a lot of people
working in government
right now...
Reality:
I keep telling myself
to act more like I think
I did something wrong.
Woman:
We are more concerned
with the leaks
than we are with the fact
that the Russians
attacked our democracy
and that
the President's campaign
may have participated in it.
They didn't attack
our democracy.
- They did.
- That's a meaningful--
Man:
If you look at this.
this is sort of like
The Intercept knowingly
or unknowingly
outed their own source.
I mean. it made no sense.
It's like. is it that.
are you that--
Sloppy? Irresponsible?
What is it?
Both.
As a journalist.
we count on people
to leak us information
that's vital
for our democracy
to function.
Knowing what happened
with the Russian hack
was a very important thing.
Now. she did violate
the rules of her employment.
But this penalty
that she's gotten. five years.
is exceedingly long.
one of the longest penalties.
And it's obviously there
to create
a. you know.
a chilling effect.
Right? So that
other people don't do this
and k-- we stay in the dark.
Automated voice:
You have one minute
remaining on your call.
You have one minute left.
Reality:
If you could just get
that message to Lane.
Woman:
Yeah. I will.
Reality: Alright.
I really appreciate it.
Woman:
Yeah. of course.
I'm just worried that--
Reality:
Oh. and one more name.
Don Z.
Last name starts with a Z.
- Woman: Okay.
- Reality: Tell him
I'm probably not gonna
talk to him again.
but. um.
I'm doin' pushups like crazy
and I'm going to miss him.
Just let him know that...
Garrick:
Obviously been recording.
I'm going to...
- Taylor: What's up?
- Garrick: Going to end
the recording.
- Taylor: I think so.
- Garrick:
And stop the interview.
Taylor:
I think so.
Garrick:
So this is at. uh. five.
let's call it 5:17 p.m..
ceasing recording
on June third.
♪ ♪
(music fades)